1. How you implemented React and TypeScript features
> For TypeScript features, I defined interfaces (the set of rules and types) for my task items, and the props allowed for each component. In React, I used the useState hook to keep track of states from each component and handled changes to these states. I needed some help with local storage, so instead of calling a local storage on every onChange function, I shortcutted it with useEffect to call a localstorage whenever the state of tasks gets changed. A layer on top of React was the styling of Material UI to provide grid layouts, buttons, input fields, some icons, and even the dark/light theme.

2. The challenges you encountered and how you overcame them
> There were a FLEET of challenges in building out this project to the point that I got burnt out and needed a break (hence the late submission). The first one that comes to mind was the planning and designing phase: what properties should these interfaces have? How many interfaces should I define? What sort of props should the components have? Can I instead have a union type instead of string for a lot of things? Next was figuring out what needed a useState and what didn't. I learned over the course of this SBA that something at the tippy top level (a parent) can manage states of components. A sidequest of this challenge was having children pass up data to the parents so they can catch it as a state, which later revealed to be callback functions. Other challenges include changing the colors of the task based on completion or if it's overdue, having the user edit a task, Date object formatting incorrectly. Although I haven't used AI extensively or at all in my previously projects, I counseld with AI to help me put the pieces in the right places and in the right order as I was struggling to "think in React" and away from the DOM. I studied and learned from the output what components used useState and what the best practices were. I needed help writing the logic to some the functions as the DOM versions might have not translated well in React/component versions (especially integrating useState within these functions).